Hi Matt,

Thanks a lot for that. We think that this draft visualization looks great and informative.

Few suggestions: 
- a different but similar representation could be used for the networks one (updated version attached), by similarly filtering "network" and "activity", on the right.
- also, for both visualization, it would be great to have an hyperlink on each body or network to their website. Hope it is feasible.

Let's discuss again on Wednesday, say 9.30am Geneva / 9.30pm Auckland ? 

Best wishes
Pierre



FYI. Some further clarification of some use cases (in email) and a preliminary update to the data to show how various actors are connected. Note: this new data does not match the other spreadsheet -- there are more actors and some in original spreadsheet are missing. So no need to try and match them I think.

Matt

---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Pierre-Stéphane Gsell <pierresgsell@gmail.com>
Date: Mon, Oct 31, 2016 at 3:32 AM
Subject: Mapping of Networks
To: zook@zooknic.com
Cc: Ana Henao <henaorestrepoa@who.int>


Hi Matt,

Attached is a DRAFT database of international Networks of actors involved in Research and Development for Emerging Pathogens.
First Columns are actors, thought to be "nodes" of different networks or "affiliations".

Ultimately, we will integrate this in the other database for the global visualization tool.
We did not integrate geographical information in that one, but will do if needed.


Again, for the final mapping tool, as we discussed, the objectives are:
- For the scientific community, to picture who is doing what, and with who, given a pathogen and given a research activity
- For the funders, to get a sense of the gaps in research activity given a pathogen

The November 10, High-Level meeting, in Londres will convene key "political" players (funders, industry, head of instittutes, etc) from the infectious disease R&D community.
In preparation of the mapping tool, there are different messages we would like to illustrate the need for complementarity and global coordination in R&D in an equitable way (rich and poor countries).

Among others: 

-1. by illustrating the general R&D ecosystem for Ebola (i.e. a Ecosystem after a Public Health Emerging), Zika (i.e. a Ecosystem at early onset of a Public Health Emergency), and Lassa (Not Yet Public Health Emergency), which should illustrate the global activation of R&D following an Emergency, to highlights the need for R&D preparedness, i.e. activate R&D way before the Public Health Emergency occurs.

-2. by illustrating the imbalance "North-South": Disease are in South, R&D is in mostly North. 

-3. by illustrating the complexity of current networks and overlaps and duplication --> to highlight the need for complementarity and synergies through global coordination

Any ideas are welcome.
Talk to all next Tuesday ?

Many thanks
Kind regards


Pierre



